 Good morning class, today we'll explore the fascinating topic of the water cycle.  As you know, the water cycle is a continuous process by which water circulates between the  birds, oceans, atmosphere and land.  Can anyone tell me the three main stages of the water cycle?  Evaporation, condensation and precipitation?  Excellent, that's correct.  Now, evaporation happens when the sun hits up water in rivers or lakes, and turns it  into vapor or steam.  This water vapor then goes into the air, and condensation is when that vapor goes down and  turns into tiny droplets to form clouds.  So precipitation is when it rains.  Yes, exactly.  Nothing is no sleet or hail, fast to the ground, it's a beautiful process, really.  But let's not forget, human activity can influence the cycle.  For example, pollution can contaminate water sources and disrupt ecosystems.  Now listen, before we continue, I'm getting frustrated with some of you not being  atation.  If you keep messing around my class, we're going to have read it, okay?  Sorry, miss with me.  It's not just being mean, sorry, you need to grow up, this is in the garden.  So moving on, water from precipitation can either infiltrate the ground to become groundwater  or flow over land as a surface runoff.  Who can tell me how the further station affects runoff?  It increases runoff because there are no three steps of the water.  That's correct.  The further station where this is the size of the water, increasing erosion and surface runoff.  It's like some of you, not deaf or substance depth service. hot knowledge. That's a bit harsh. Harsh? Let me tell what's harsh. Repeating myself  day after day after day because some of you don't bother to try. So on, related note, climate  change us in the sift satisfies the water cycle. It leads to more stimulating weather events  and speaking of extremes. Did you see how ridiculous Jamie looked last week? Honestly,  we're in those outdated clothes. What a joke. And another thing, stop complaining about your  grits. The better, the truth is, some of you just don't have what it takes. Maybe you should  consider less changing. Challenging subjects. That's not fair. Life's not fair. Get used to it.  Alright, let's have folks. When discussing evaporation, think about how hate energy  changes the start of the water. It's similar to how your aim to bring sometimes mirror closely  hurting a bit of knowledge. Alright, class dismissed. And Jamie, try to do something about your  purpose. It's distracting in a better way.